style: apply /style-guide pass to models/registry (#2721)
wandb/docs: models/registry/link_version.mdx

---

> This page describes how to publish an artifact version to a registry collection so that other teams in your organization can discover and use it. Use this workflow when you have a trained model, dataset, or other artifact that's ready to share beyond the project where it was logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes how to publish an artifact version to a registry collection so that other teams in your organization can discover and use it.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

<Note>
Use `wandb.Run.link_artifact()` to link an artifact version [within the context of a run](#link-an-artifact-version-within-the-context-of-a-run). Use `wandb.Artifact.link()` to link an existing artifact version [outside the context of a run](#link-an-artifact-version-outside-the-context-of-a-run).
</Note>

{/* <Note>
`wandb.Artifact.link()` does not require you to initialize a run with `wandb.init()`. `wandb.Run.link_artifact()` requires you to initialize a run with `wandb.init()`.
</Note> */}

> For both approaches, specify the name of the artifact (`wandb.Artifact(name="[NAME]"`), the type of artifact (`wandb.Artifact(type="[TYPE]"`), and the `target_path` (`wandb.Artifact(target_path="[TARGET-PATH]"`)) of the collection and registry you want to link the artifact version to.

Reviewer: See comment above

Author: Converted to `<name>`/`<type>`/`<target-path>`; the whole file now uses `<lowercase>` angle brackets.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

The target path consists of the prefix `"wandb-registry"`, the name of the registry, and the name of the collection, separated by forward slashes:

{/* Use the `target_path` parameter to specify the collection and registry you want to link the artifact version to. The target path consists of the prefix "wandb-registry", the name of the registry, and the name of the collection separated by a forward slashes: */}

```text

> wandb-registry-[REGISTRY-NAME]/[COLLECTION-NAME]

Reviewer: see above

Author: Converted the path placeholders to `<lowercase>`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

```

### Link an artifact version within the context of a run

Use `wandb.Run.link_artifact()` to link an artifact version within the context of a run. To do so,
first initialize a run with `wandb.init()`. Next, create an artifact object and add files to it. Finally, use the `wandb.Run.link_artifact()` method to link the artifact version to the collection.

When you use this approach, W&B creates a run in your project. The artifact version is linked to the collection and associated with that run.

> Copy and paste the following code snippet. Replace values enclosed in `[]` with your own:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy and paste the following code snippet. Replace values enclosed in `<>` with your own:
```

Author: Applied your suggestion; both code samples now use `<>`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

```python
import wandb

entity = "[TEAM-ENTITY]"          # Your team entity
project = "[PROJECT-NAME]"        # The name of the project that contains your artifact

# Initialize a run
with wandb.init(entity = entity, project = project) as run:

  # Create an artifact object
  # The type parameter specifies both the type of the 
  # artifact object and the collection type
  artifact = wandb.Artifact(name = "[NAME]", type = "[TYPE]")

  # Add the file to the artifact object. 
  # Specify the path to the file on your local machine.
  artifact.add_file(local_path = "[LOCAL-PATH-TO-ARTIFACT]")

  # Specify the collection and registry to link the artifact to
  REGISTRY_NAME = "[REGISTRY-NAME]"  

>   COLLECTION_NAME = "[COLLECTION-NAME]"

Reviewer: see above

Author: Converted the code-sample placeholders to `<lowercase>`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

### Link an artifact version outside the context of a run

Use `wandb.Artifact.link()` to link an existing artifact version outside the context of a run. With this approach,
you don't need to initialize a run with `wandb.init()`. This means that W&B doesn't create a run in your project. In other
words, the artifact version is linked to the collection without being associated with a run.

First, create an artifact object and add files to it. Next, use the `wandb.Artifact.link()` method to link the artifact version to the collection.

Copy and paste the following code snippet. Replace values enclosed in `[]` with your own:

```python
import wandb

# Create an artifact object
# The type parameter specifies both the type of the 
# artifact object and the collection type
artifact = wandb.Artifact(name = "[NAME]", type = "[TYPE]")

# Add the file to the artifact object. 
# Specify the path to the file on your local machine.
artifact.add_file(local_path = "[LOCAL-PATH-TO-ARTIFACT]")

# Specify the collection and registry to link the artifact to
REGISTRY_NAME = "[REGISTRY-NAME]"  

> COLLECTION_NAME = "[COLLECTION-NAME]"

Reviewer: see above

Author: Converted the code-sample placeholders to `<lowercase>`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

3. Select the **action (<Icon icon="ellipsis" iconType="solid"/>)** menu next to **View details**.
4. From the dropdown, select **Link new version**.
5. From the sidebar that appears, select the name of a team from the **Team** dropdown.
6. From the **Project** dropdown, select the name of the project that contains your artifact. 
7. From the **Artifact** dropdown, select the name of the artifact. 
8. From the **Version** dropdown, select the artifact version you want to link to the collection.

{/* TO DO insert gif */}
</Tab>
<Tab title="Artifact browser">

> 1. Navigate to your project's artifact browser on the W&B App at: `https://wandb.ai/[ENTITY]/[PROJECT]/artifacts`

Reviewer: see above

Author: Converted `[ENTITY]`/`[PROJECT]` to `<entity>`/`<project>`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

* Linked version: the artifact version that is published to the registry. This is a pointer to the source artifact, and is the exact same artifact version, just made available in the scope of the registry.
</Note> */}

> You can [view a linked artifact's metadata, version data, usage, and lineage information](/models/registry/link_version#view-linked-artifacts-in-a-registry) in the Registry App.

Reviewer: Doesn't communicate that you can view more info.

Author: Restored "and more" — the line now reads "...usage, lineage information, and more".

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

  
## View linked artifacts in a registry

After you link an artifact version, it becomes available to your organization through the registry. View information about linked artifacts such as metadata, lineage, and usage information in the W&B Registry.

1. Navigate to the W&B Registry.
2. Select the name of the registry that you linked the artifact to.
3. Select the name of the collection.
4. If the collection's artifacts log metrics, compare metrics across versions by clicking **Show metrics**.
5. From the list of artifact versions, select the version you want to access. W&B assigns version numbers incrementally to each linked artifact version, starting with `v0`.
6. To view details about an artifact version, click the version. From the tabs on this page, you can view that version's metadata (including logged metrics), lineage, and usage information.

Record the **Full Name** field within the **Version** tab. The full name of a linked artifact consists of the registry, collection name, and the alias or index of the artifact version.

```text title="Full name of a linked artifact"

> wandb-registry-[REGISTRY-NAME]/[COLLECTION-NAME]:v[INTEGER]

Reviewer: see above

Author: Converted the full-name placeholders to `<lowercase>`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

```

You need the full name of a linked artifact to access the artifact version programmatically.

## Troubleshooting

> If you can't link an artifact, the following sections describe common causes and how to resolve them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can’t link an artifact, check the following common issues:
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

#### Find your team entity

W&B uses the name of your team as the team's entity. For example, if your team is called `team-awesome`, your team entity is `team-awesome`.

To confirm the name of your team, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to your team's W&B profile page.

> 2. Copy the site's URL. It has the form `https://wandb.ai/[TEAM]`, where `[TEAM]` is both the name of your team and the team's entity.

Reviewer: See above

Author: Converted `[TEAM]` to `<team>`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

#### Log from a team entity
1. Specify the team as the entity when you initialize a run with [`wandb.init()`](/models/ref/python/functions/init). If you don't specify the `entity` when you initialize a run, the run uses your default entity, which may or may not be your team entity.

    ```python 
    import wandb   

    with wandb.init(entity='[TEAM-ENTITY]', project='[PROJECT-NAME]') as run:
        # Log your artifact here
    ```

2. Log the artifact to the run either with `wandb.Run.log_artifact()` or by creating an Artifact object and then adding files to it with:

    ```python

>     artifact = wandb.Artifact(name="[ARTIFACT-NAME]", type="[TYPE]")

Reviewer: see prev

Author: Converted to `<artifact-name>`/`<type>`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

    ```
    To log artifacts, see [Construct artifacts](/models/artifacts/construct-an-artifact/).
3. If you logged an artifact to your personal entity, you need to re-log it to an entity within your organization.

### Confirm the path of a registry in the W&B App UI

Create an empty collection to confirm the path of the registry in the W&B App UI. To do so, follow the steps below:

1. Navigate to the W&B Registry at https://wandb.ai/registry/.
2. Click the registry you want to link an artifact to.
3. Click the empty collection. If an empty collection doesn't exist, create a new collection.
4. Within the code snippet that appears, identify the `target_path` field within `.link_artifact()`.
5. Optional: Delete the collection.

<Frame>
    <img src="/images/registry/check_empty_collection.gif" alt="Create an empty collection"  />
</Frame>

> For example, after you complete the preceding steps, you find the code block with the `target_path` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, after you complete the previous steps, you find the code block with the `target_path` parameter:
```

Author: Applied your suggestion ("preceding" → "previous").

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_
